put field calibration in README (¬_¬ ) (#395)
FRCTeam3255/2025_Robot_Code: README.md

Interested in learning more about REEFSCAPE? Visit [FIRST's website](https://www.firstinspires.org/robotics/frc/game-and-season) for more details!

## Field Calibration
- #### Step 1: have advantage scope 3D field open whole time

-  ### Step 2: Tune the Limelights
    ## [Limelights' website](limelight.local:5801)

- #### Step 3: Check Reef

  ```  

>   *Note: if the numbers of the further one doesn't work for the closer one, just use the closer one*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  *Note: if the limelight tuning values of the further one doesn't work for the closer one, just use the closer one*
```
